chore: fix grammar in README.md (#408)
tact-lang/tact-language-server: README.md

---

> This language server/extension supports the [Tact programming language](https://tact-lang.org).

Author: ```suggestion
This language server/extension provides support for the [Tact programming language](https://tact-lang.org).
```
